fix: customer, subscription and consumer clarifications (#142)
web3-storage/specs: w3-admin.md

Get information about a subscription.

> Subscriptions are owned by customers and consumed by spaces. Customers receive data storage and egress charges for spaces that are consuming their subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscriptions are owned by customers and consumed by spaces. Customers are charged data storage and egress fees for spaces that are consuming their subscriptions.
```
